README.md, before:

# WordPress Starter Theme

Version: 4.2.2

## Author:

Matt Banks ( [@mattbanks](http://twitter.com/mattbanks) / [collectivthkg.com](http://collectivthkg.com) / [mattbanks.me](http://www.mattbanks.me) )

## Summary

WordPress Starter Theme for use as a starting template for building custom themes. Uses SCSS and AutoPrefixr, HTML5 Boilerplate with Modernizr and Normalize.css, and Grunt for all processing tasks. Syncs changes across local development devices with BrowserSync. Tested up to WordPress 4.0 RC1.

## Usage

The theme is setup to use [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) to compile SCSS (with source maps), run it through [AutoPrefixr](https://github.com/ai/autoprefixer), lint, concatenate and minify JavaScript (with source maps), optimize images, and syncs changes across local development devices with [BrowserSync](https://github.com/shakyShane/browser-sync), with flexibility to add any additional tasks via the Gruntfile. Alternatively, you can use [CodeKit](http://incident57.com/codekit/) or whatever else you prefer to compile the SCSS and manage the JavaScript.

Rename folder to your theme name, change the `style.scss` intro block to your theme information. Open the theme directory in terminal and run `npm install` to pull in all Grunt dependencies. Run `grunt` to execute tasks. Code as you will.

If you are using MAMP or Vagrant, change the `proxy` option in the `grunt browserSync` task to match your vhost URL.

- Compile `assets/styles/style.scss` to `style.css`
- Compile `assets/styles/editor-style.scss` to `editor-style.css`
- Concatenate and minify plugins in `assets/js/vendor` and `assets/js/source/plugins.js` to `assets/js/plugins.min.js`
- Minify and lint `assets/js/source/main.js` to `assets/js/main.min.js`
- ??
- Profit
- Create sprites by adding PNGs to assets/images/sprites and use by referencing created classes in assets/styles/partials/_spritesheet.scss

To concatenate and minify your jQuery plugins, add them to the `assets/js/vendor` directory and add the `js` filename and path to the `Gruntfile` `uglify` task. Previous versions of the starter theme automatically pulled all plugins in the `vendor` directory, but this has changed to allow more granular control and for managing plugins and assets with bower.

### Bower

Supports [bower](https://github.com/bower/bower) to install and manage JavaScript dependencies in the `assets/js/vendor` folder.

### Deployment

The theme includes deployments via [grunt-rsync](https://github.com/jedrichards/grunt-rsync). The Gruntfile includes setups for staging and production - edit your paths and host, then run `grunt deploy:staging` or `grunt deploy:production` to deploy your files via rsync.

### Features

1. Normalized stylesheet for cross-browser compatibility using Normalize.css version 3 (IE8+)
2. Easy to customize
3. Flexible grid based on work from [Chris Coyier](https://twitter.com/chriscoyier)
4. Media Queries can be nested in each selector using SASS
5. SCSS with plenty of mixins ready to go
6. Grunt for processing all SASS, JavaScript and images, and cross-device refreshing with BrowserSync
7. Much much more

### Suggested Plugins

* [WordPress SEO by Yoast](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/wordpress-seo/)
* [Google Analytics for WordPress by Yoast](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/google-analytics-for-wordpress/)
* [W3 Total Cache](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/w3-total-cache/)
* [Gravity Forms](http://www.gravityforms.com/)
* [Pods Framework](http://www.podsframework.org/)

![dependencies](https://david-dm.org/mattbanks/WordPress-Starter-Theme.png)

### Contributing:

Anyone and everyone is welcome to contribute! Check out the [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Contributors:

- [ddropik](https://github.com/ddropik)
- [jjmu15](https://github.com/jjmu15)

### Credits

Without these projects, this WordPress Starter Theme wouldn't be where it is today.

* [HTML5 Boilerplate](http://html5boilerplate.com)
* [Normalize.css](http://necolas.github.com/normalize.css)
* [SASS / SCSS](http://sass-lang.com/)
* [AutoPrefixr](https://github.com/ai/autoprefixer)
* [BrowserSync](https://github.com/shakyShane/browser-sync)
* [Don't Overthink It Grids](css-tricks.com/dont-overthink-it-grids/)
* [Underscores Theme](https://github.com/Automattic/_s)
* [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/)

Commit message:

Updates README file with theme information

README.md, after:

# WordPress Theme for Urban Community Gardens Network of Madrid

You can see this theme in action here: http://huertos.madrid.es

Version 0.1.

This theme is based on [WordPress Starter Theme](https://github.com/mattbanks/WordPress-Starter-Theme) v4.2.2.

## Usage

The theme is setup to use [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) to compile SCSS (with source maps), run it through [AutoPrefixr](https://github.com/ai/autoprefixer), lint, concatenate and minify JavaScript (with source maps), optimize images, and syncs changes across local development devices with [BrowserSync](https://github.com/shakyShane/browser-sync), with flexibility to add any additional tasks via the Gruntfile. Alternatively, you can use [CodeKit](http://incident57.com/codekit/) or whatever else you prefer to compile the SCSS and manage the JavaScript.

Rename folder to your theme name, change the `style.scss` intro block to your theme information. Open the theme directory in terminal and run `npm install` to pull in all Grunt dependencies. Run `grunt` to execute tasks. Code as you will.

If you are using MAMP or Vagrant, change the `proxy` option in the `grunt browserSync` task to match your vhost URL.

- Compile `assets/styles/style.scss` to `style.css`
- Compile `assets/styles/editor-style.scss` to `editor-style.css`
- Concatenate and minify plugins in `assets/js/vendor` and `assets/js/source/plugins.js` to `assets/js/plugins.min.js`
- Minify and lint `assets/js/source/main.js` to `assets/js/main.min.js`
- ??
- Profit
- Create sprites by adding PNGs to assets/images/sprites and use by referencing created classes in assets/styles/partials/_spritesheet.scss

To concatenate and minify your jQuery plugins, add them to the `assets/js/vendor` directory and add the `js` filename and path to the `Gruntfile` `uglify` task. Previous versions of the starter theme automatically pulled all plugins in the `vendor` directory, but this has changed to allow more granular control and for managing plugins and assets with bower.

### Bower

Supports [bower](https://github.com/bower/bower) to install and manage JavaScript dependencies in the `assets/js/vendor` folder.

### Deployment

The theme includes deployments via [grunt-rsync](https://github.com/jedrichards/grunt-rsync). The Gruntfile includes setups for staging and production - edit your paths and host, then run `grunt deploy:staging` or `grunt deploy:production` to deploy your files via rsync.

## Plugins

### Needed plugins

* [Pods Framework](http://www.podsframework.org/)
* [WPMap](https://github.com/skotperez/wpmap)

### Suggested Plugins

* [WordPress SEO by Yoast](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/wordpress-seo/)
* [Google Analytics for WordPress by Yoast](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/google-analytics-for-wordpress/)
* [W3 Total Cache](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/w3-total-cache/)
* [Gravity Forms](http://www.gravityforms.com/)

![dependencies](https://david-dm.org/mattbanks/WordPress-Starter-Theme.png)

### Credits

Without these projects, this WordPress Starter Theme wouldn't be where it is today.

* [HTML5 Boilerplate](http://html5boilerplate.com)
* [Normalize.css](http://necolas.github.com/normalize.css)
* [SASS / SCSS](http://sass-lang.com/)
* [AutoPrefixr](https://github.com/ai/autoprefixer)
* [BrowserSync](https://github.com/shakyShane/browser-sync)
* [Don't Overthink It Grids](css-tricks.com/dont-overthink-it-grids/)
* [Underscores Theme](https://github.com/Automattic/_s)
* [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/)
